Multiple Transports (#167)
smartdevicelink/sdl_app_library_guides: docs/Getting Started/Multiple Transports/index.md

> # Multiple Transports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Multiple Transports (Protocol 5.1+)
```

> As of Protocol version 5.1.0, which is supported from SDL @![android]Android 4.7!@@![iOS]iOS 6.1!@ and SDL Core 5.0, a new feature was introduced called Multiple Transports. This feature allows apps to carry their SDL session over multiple transports. The first transport that the app connects to is referred to as the primary transport, and a later connected transport being a secondary transport. For example, apps can register over bluetooth or USB as a primary transport, then connect over WiFi when necessary (ex. to allow video/audio streaming) as a secondary transport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multiple transports feature allows apps to carry their SDL session over multiple transports. The first transport that the app connects with is referred to as the primary transport and a transport connected at a later point is the secondary transport. For example, apps can register over bluetooth or USB as a primary transport, then connect over WiFi when necessary (ex. to allow video/audio streaming) as a secondary transport. This feature is supported on connections with protocol version 5.1.0+, which is supported on SDL @![android]Android 4.7+!@@![iOS]iOS 6.1+!@ and SDL Core 5.0+.
```

> The multiple transports feature allows apps to carry their SDL session over multiple transports. The first transport that the app connects with is referred to as the primary transport and a transport connected at a later point is the secondary transport. For example, apps can register over bluetooth or USB as a primary transport, then connect over WiFi when necessary (ex. to allow video/audio streaming) as a secondary transport. This feature is supported on connections with protocol version 5.1.0+, which is supported on SDL @![android]Android 4.7+!@@![iOS]iOS 6.1+!@ and SDL Core 5.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multiple transports feature allows apps to carry their SDL session over multiple transports. The first transport that the app connects with is referred to as the primary transport and a transport connected at a later point is the secondary transport. For example, apps can register over Bluetooth or USB as a primary transport, then connect over WiFi when necessary (ex. to allow video/audio streaming) as a secondary transport. This feature is supported on connections with protocol version 5.1+, which is supported on SDL @![android]Android 4.7+!@@![iOS]iOS 6.1+!@ and SDL Core 5.0+.
```

## Primary Transports

> In SDL @![android]Android 4.7!@@![iOS]iOS 6.1!@  and newer, you can connect and register apps via a multiplexed bluetooth and/or USB connection. On head units that support multiple transports, the primary transport will be used for RPC communication while the secondary will be used for high bandwidth services. Otherwise, the primary transport will be used for all applicable services for that transport type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On head units that support multiple transports, the primary transport will be used for RPC communication while the secondary transport will be used for high bandwidth services such as streaming video data for navigation applications. If no high-bandwidth secondary transport is present, the primary transport will be used for all needed services that the transport supports.
```

mtc.setRequiresHighBandwidth(false);
```
!@

## Secondary Transports

> Secondary transports are supported as of Protocol Version 5.1.0 , and must be enabled by the module the app is connecting to. @![android]In addition to supporting bluetooth and USB, TCP is also a supported as a secondary transport.!@@![iOS] TCP over wifi can be used as the secondary transports if desired. This feature is on by default but can be turned off by setting `allowedSecondaryTransports` to `SDLSecondaryTransportsNone` in the `SDLLifecycleConfiguration`.!@

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Secondary transports must be enabled by the module to which the app is connecting. @![android]In addition to Bluetooth and USB (which are primary transports), TCP over WiFi is a supported secondary transport.!@@![iOS]TCP over WiFi can be configured as a supported secondary transport.!@
```

mtc.setPrimaryTransports(multiplexPrimaryTransports);
mtc.setSecondaryTransports(multiplexSecondaryTransports);
```

> By default, all three transports are set as supported secondary transports.!@ Secondary transports will be used for high bandwidth services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, all three transports are set as supported secondary transports.!@
```

> @![iOS]

Reviewer: By default, TCP is a configured secondary transport, but this can be disabled.

> #### Objective-C

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Objective-C
```

Remember the correct level of heading

```objc
SDLLifecycleConfiguration *lifecycleConfig = [SDLLifecycleConfiguration defaultConfigurationWithAppName:<#AppName#> fullAppId:<#AppID#>];
lifecycleConfig.allowedSecondaryTransports = SDLSecondaryTransportsNone;
```

> #### Swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion

##### Swift
```
